I love this product. It left my hair soft and silky. I always have to use a extra conditioner but not with Pantene Pro-V. Great results for me.
This baby shampoo performed well
I was at first skeptical about this product, because it had a consistency closer to water than regular shampoo. But the Ionil T Coal Tar Shampoo has proven very effective. In the three short days I've used it, my scalp problems have cleared up. I really was amazed, because for many years I've tried different brands, including others with coal tar, obtaining results only after a week or two of using the products. I've used this product according to the directions every day for three days, and I've noticed only a slight dryness to my hair. The odor of the coal tar is very slight compared to similar products. The only drawback I see to recommending this product is the price tag. Although in the long run, it may be worth it. For this reason alone, I give this product a ""four.""
The Infusium 23 shampoo was adequate. I enjoyed the light fragrance, it wasn't overpowering like some other shampoos. I also liked the fact that it took only a small amount to work up a good lather. I couldn't tell if the shampoo held up to its claims of adding more body or not, I don't have limp, fine hair, so it was hard to tell. I do have shoulder length hair, which I use styling products on. I noticed Infusium 23 did a good job of removing the styling product residue. Overall, I'd rate the product adequate, but not outstanding.
What I really like about this shampoo is the fragrance. For me, shampoos tend to either be way too fragrant or not fragrant enough. This one was just right. I also have lots of allergies to perfumes, but this one didn't affect me. It seemed to get my hair clean, but I still required conditioner, as my hair was still dry after using it. I'd recommend it and think the price is fair.
I liked the way this shampoo smelled. It left my hair feeling very clean and light. However, it didn't really do anything for my fine, limp hair. Actually, I didn't expect it to do anything for my lifeless hair. Since it was made for fine, limp hair, I thought it might do something, but no. However, overall, I liked the product a lot.
This shampoo was great -- it gave my hair a very clean and healthy feeling, and left it smelling great. I'd definitely use this shampoo again, and I'd recommend it to friends and family. If you're looking for a reasonably-priced, top-quality shampoo, Herbal Essences is for you.
I enjoyed this shampoo a lot. It kept my hair full and I loved it. My hair felt soft and clean. The only thing I didn't care for was the smell. It didn't smell ""bad"" it just wasn't a scent I cared for. It had a musky man smell to it. Overall, I liked this shampoo and would continue to buy it.
Let me start and say what a great shampoo this is. My husband has very fine hair and he just loves what this stuff does for his hair. It makes it so light (it's oily too) so it doesn't stick to his head, but it also makes it look so much fuller. You can't see his scalp as much! He just loves it and I can't say enough good about it either. Try this - you'll definitely be surprised at what a great product this is for the money.
We found the best baby cream. I started with their shampoo & had to write a review. I have never been excited about baby products till now. The shampoo is a must have for any Mom who buy's the best for her baby. It's expensive and worth it! This cream is so delicious smelling in the real, soft beautiful way babies smell. I use it on my baby, toddler and me! It leaves our skin soft & dewy, never greasy. They don't use mineral oil or any bad ingredients- LOVE It! Lu